# Inference and Modeling of Car Price in Ukraine
## Introduction:
Car price has always been an interesting topic in the area of data analysis. Most people, without much hesistation, would claim that a car’s price is in direct proportion to its recency and luxury. With that being true, however, there are certainly other factors that determine the value of a car. Moreover, we want to know how exactly, in a quantitative sense, each factor affects the price.
## Data Description:
The dataset we are using comes from the well-known crowdsourcing analytics platform Kaggle and is collected from private car sale advertisements in Ukraine. It contains information of 9576 samples and 10 variables. Of the 10 variables 7 are categorical, which include the manufacture brand (car e.g. Ford, BMW, etc), the car body type (body e.g. crossover, sedan, etc), the type of fuel (engT ype e.g. Gas, Diesel, etc), registration in Ukraine (registration e.g. yes or no), year of production (year e.g. 2013, 2009, etc), the specific model name (model e.g. X5, Passat B5, etc) and drive type (drive e.g. front, rear, full, etc). The 3 continuous variables are the mileage mentioned in advertisement (mileage, in 103km), sellers’s price in advertisement (price, in USD) and the rounded enginve volume (engV , in 103 cm3). Our goal is to use various resampling and regression method to analysize the data and make meaningful inference on the relation of the variables. In specific, we want to regress car price on the other variables to generalize a model that can be used for prediction task.
